When Naomi Osaka won the US Open in 2018, she pulled down her visor to hide her tears. It was her maiden Grand Slam title, she had beaten the great Serena Williams to win it, and she had a bright future ahead. Except that the victory had come in unusual and traumatic fashion, with boos and controversy surrounding Williams' infamous outburst at the umpire.  We now know that this title also marked the start of the "long bouts of depression" that have led to Osaka pulling out of the French Open in a move that has sent shockwaves through the sport and raised the prospect of some soul-searching for the authorities and media.  Roland Garros is now without one of the sport's biggest stars, and despite Osaka's desire to not "be a distraction" she and the issues she raises are firmly in the spotlight. Osaka received a lot of support from fellow players and athletes over her decision to boycott news conferences at Roland Garros. And there was criticism of the sport's governing bodies' strongly-worded statement on Sunday, which threatened her with expulsion from the French Open and future Grand Slams over what she said was a decision based on seeking to protect her mental health.  American basketball player Stephen Curry was critical of the authorities, saying the "powers that be don't protect their own", while former British number one Laura Robson also questioned whether the matter could have been dealt with differently. "I'm sure a lot of people are disappointed with how the statement was handled yesterday from the Grand Slams and how strong it was," Robson said on BBC Radio 5 Live. "Maybe if they had not let it escalate to this point then we wouldn't be here."  In a statement after Osaka's withdrawal, French Tennis Federation president Gilles Moretton said major tennis bodies were committed to athletes' wellbeing and improving their tournament experience, including their interaction with the media.  Osaka said "the rules are quite outdated in parts" and that she wants to discuss with the Tour ways of making things better. Osaka's announcement on 27 May that she would not be taking part in news conferences took a lot of people by surprise. Not least the tournament organisers, who said her decision was "not acceptable", and critics who branded it "diva behaviour" and said she was gaining an "unfair advantage" by not fulfilling her media commitments.  Former British player Naomi Cavaday told BBC Radio 5 Live that if Osaka had communicated her concerns with tournament organisers in a different way they may have come up with a mutually agreeable solution. "It's awful to hear she has been struggling so much since she became a Grand Slam champion. But in this game you can't just decide what you're doing then and there with zero communication with businesses and organisations, and especially when you sign contracts to do things," she said.  "If the issue had been raised in a more professional, direct manner rather than it just being taken to social media and the decision taken out of their hands, I do think there would have been discussions at least around how it could be easier." Osaka herself said her "timing was not ideal and her "message could have been clearer".  Cavaday said there are "processes in place that if you are struggling with your mental health you can communicate that and try to come to some sort of short-term resolution and then look a little more longer term". "But I also recognise, as someone who has struggled myself, how difficult it is to initiate that conversation in the first place," she added.