Eighteen-year-old British wildcard Emma Raducanu stunned former French Open finalist Marketa Vondrousova in straight sets to reach the Wimbledon third round. Raducanu, who finished her A-Levels two months ago, won 6-2 6-4.  Ranked 338th in the world, she will next face Sorana Cirstea after the Romanian defeated Victoria Azarenka. "Just to be able to be at the championships, I feel like I'm on a holiday," she said. "It's unbelievable. I just want to stay here for as long as I can."  Raducanu is making her Grand Slam debut, having only made her maiden appearance on the WTA Tour in June. She has been touted as the future of British women's tennis, earning a Fed Cup call-up earlier in the year, and continues as the only female Briton remaining in the Wimbledon singles draw. She will pocket £115,000 for reaching the third round - around four times her career earnings to date of $39,558 (£28,762).  Raducanu defeated Russia's Vitalia Diatchenko in the first round on Wednesday, before her shock win over Czech world number 41 Vondrousova. She looked dominant from the off on court 12. After Vondrousova held her opening service game, Raducanu then won five games on the bounce to go a double break up. It left her opponent stunned, the 22-year-old frequently shaking her head in frustration as she struggled to contain the even younger whipper-snapper on the other side of the net.  But in the second set, it looked as though Vondrousova was going to take back control, winning the first three games as the nerves crept into Raducanu's play. Yet buoyed by the home crowd, Raducanu managed to scramble her way back, her powerful hitting helping her to twice break back before Vondrousova sent a forehand return into the net to hand the Briton victory.  She is the youngest British woman to reach the Wimbledon third round since Elena Baltacha did so in 2002, also as an 18-year-old. "I think from a young age, my parents always drilled into me that my attitude was the most important thing, and it's either going to make or break my career," she told BBC Radio 5 Live. "Now I'm the one who is leading that and I find that's the best way I cope with those pressured situations."